Hello everyone. This is Leonard Alrich with a short introduction to the re-release of volume two in the New0:07World Order, Secret Societies and Biblical Prophecy film series. Volume0:12two, The Illusion of Money was released on YouTube in May of 2020.0:18The film, which concentrated on money, was delayed for 4 months as the economic0:24effects of CO 19 played out. I learned as much about the pandemic as0:30possible as it went on and made a 20inut introduction to volume two that focused0:35on COVID 19. That introduction was so accurate that0:40the film was deleted by YouTube and my channel was shadowbanned.0:46I have learned so much about CO 19 since December 2019 that I've decided to make0:53a third feature film about it called COVID 19 beyond human.0:59CO 19 was planned, controlled, and used to accelerate the long-term process of1:07transhumanism. The film is so dark that I'm not sure most people are willing to accept what I1:14will show them. I hope to have the rough cut of the film done in a month and have it ready for1:20the Winnipeg Realtore Film Festival in February 2026.1:27YouTube started throttling content creators like myself in 2015.1:34Prior to this, I was used to getting over a 100,000 views a day across1:39multiple channels on YouTube that I allowed to share my content.1:45I allowed this knowing in advance that the YouTube algorithm would eventually1:50turn to censorship and delete those channels first. And unfortunately, I was1:56right about this. Those channels don't exist on YouTube anymore.2:02After my channel was shadowbanned, I couldn't get 10,000 views a month.2:08After a decade of being practically invisible to the world, YouTube changed2:13its algorithm because it was losing too many views and money to other platforms.2:21If this ever changes again, please subscribe today to the Leonard Alrich2:27channel on Rumble, the Leonard Alrich channel on Bitshoot, and the Leonard2:33Alrich channel on Odyssey. Overall, Odyssey is the best because it2:39is a decentralized platform, adree, and offers the best resolution.2:46Many of you have been wondering about getting hard copies of my films. DVDs2:51and memory sticks will hopefully be available from my website, nwruth.org,2:57when the third film is complete. A limited number of professionallymade3:03DVDs have begun to be sent out to supporters as promised.3:08They have not yet been available for sale to the public because I never wanted to be accused of producing videos3:15to make money. I make my videos so I can look future generations in the eye and say that I3:22did everything I could to avoid systematic evil by exposing it.3:28I also make my videos to bring souls to Jesus Christ and I will not apologize3:34for this. I will soon begin selling videos to the public only because the level of3:41censorship that is coming will be astonishing. There have been three major interrelated3:48changes in the world that have happened since I released volume 2 in May of 2020.3:54First, an alliance of governments, corporations, and banks are now totally4:00open about their decades old plan for controlling the masses. And CO 19 was a4:06practice run. You will not be able to work in the United Kingdom if you do not have4:12digital ID. The fact that most people are silent about this proves just how effective4:19their brainwashing and control programs are. If I could only refer to one item4:24of proof to summarize the movie you're about to see, it would be the January 1988 cover of The Economist magazine,4:33which is a Rothschild publication. It features a phoenix, a mythical bird4:38of fiery rebirth rising from a pile of burning fiat currencies.4:44The Phoenix has a gold coin around its neck with a Greek fi or digital one and4:51zero symbol on the coin. The new financial paradigm we are entering into represents a fusion4:59between gold and cryptocurrency through a digital control grid. The year5:05on the coin is 2018 which has come and gone. This detail is important because5:13while the new world order is extremely powerful, it is not all powerful.5:20Second, the Alliance of Governments, corporations, and banks no longer cares5:25about financial responsibility. They can print up trillions of dollars anytime they think most of the public5:33will accept their lies. This includes the lies used to justify the theft of5:39natural resources and infrastructure from more nations to prop up the5:44financial system through more wars. Third, the Alliance of Governments,5:51corporations, and banks are openly rolling out the next financial system of5:56social credits and central bank digital currencies because they know that the6:02current financial system is starting to burn. We don't know, for example, who's using6:08a $100 bill today. We don't know who is using a 1,000 peso bill today. A key6:14difference in with the CBDC is that central bank will have absolute control6:22on the rules and regulations that will determine the use of that expression of6:28central bank liability and also we will have the technology to enforce that.6:34All of this leads to war because war is about one thing,6:40money. Dimmitri Dudman was a Bible smuggler in what was communist Romania.6:49He was eventually caught and tortured for his actions. In 1984, Dimmitru6:55received a vision by God for the future of America and was told to go to America7:02and warn it. His warnings were recorded roughly 30 years ago in a Texas church.7:10The recording was made following the collapse of the Soviet Union and before the rise of the Chinese superpower that7:17we have today. As such, what Dimmitri Dudman said seemed impossible back then. 30 years7:26later, what Dimmitri said seems almost inevitable now.7:32I got beside the Angel Brothers. I don't know what the device was,7:38but it travels so fast that you couldn't see me here. He just say this is California.7:44This is Las Vegas. What I have shown you is that Sodom and Gomorrah.7:52Sin has reached God and God has decided to punish it through fire and one day it will burn.8:00He came and showed me New York. This is New York. It is also as Sodom and Gomorrah. In one8:07day it will burn. He came and he showed me Florida. This is Florida. He said, "This is Sodom8:15and Gomorrah. In one day it will burn. But again, how will it burn?" He said,8:21"Tell them this." The Russian spies8:27found out where the most powerful nuclear plants in America are. When the Americans still think it's8:32peace and quiet, and everything's perfect. Some groups from the inside8:40will revolt against the government. The government will be occupied with the revolution8:47and then from the ocean out of Cuba, Nicaragua, Central America, Mexico,8:53Mexico and two other countries that I can't remember.8:59They will bombard plants in America and America will burn.9:05I said, "What will you do with the church though? Tell them to stop sinning9:11and to repent because God never stops forgiving.9:17All of those who will stop sinning and will repent.9:22God will save in the day of trouble." But how can he save them if America9:28burns though? He said tell them as he saved the three ones in the9:34furnace. That is how he will save them. As he saved Daniel from the lions,9:42that is how he will save them. We should be preparing to be mobile and self-sufficient for an invasion of9:49America by Chinese, Russian, and other foreign powers.9:54This invasion will not be done out of aggression, but out of national10:00self-preservation as protection from the collapse of the American Empire.10:06I would not be surprised if this invasion occurred 10 years or less from10:12now. If you have benefited from this film and can afford it, please consider making a10:18donation to support it and my next film. Please go to nwruth.org,10:25click on the support tab, and make a donation via PayPal. There is no shame in asking for10:32donations when every video I release is given away for free without10:37advertisements. Every minute of video that you see is a result of hours of research.10:46Enjoy the movie and God bless.12:24Heat. Heat.12:30Heat. Heat. N.12:40Heat. Heat. N.12:50Heat. Heat.13:39How are you?14:33Heat. Heat.14:42Heat.14:55Heat.15:04Heat.15:24Heat.15:34On September 10th, 2001, one day before 9/11, Secretary of Defense Donald15:41Rumsfeld announced from the Pentagon that $2.3 trillion was unaccounted for15:47in the budget of the Department of Defense. Rumsfeld promised change, but the next15:54day, the world changed. More money for the Pentagon when its own15:59auditors admit the military cannot account for 25% of what it already spends.16:05According to some estimates, we cannot track $2.3 trillion in transactions.16:10$2.3 trillion with a T. That's $8,000 for every man, woman, and child in16:16America. One day later, the object that struck the Pentagon coincidentally hit the16:23building's accounting division, making this loss impossible to trace. Secretary16:28Rumsfeld was coincidentally part of a powerful fascist think tank, which16:34called for an American hegemony based on a catastrophic and catalyzing event like16:39a new Pearl Harbor. This group's membership included the president's brother, and its request was16:46coincidentally made one full year before September 11th, 2001.16:52If you question the official conspiracy theory of 9/11, you must eventually deal with one of the most powerful motives in16:59history, money. 9/11 was a way for 38 corporations to create hundreds of17:06billions in profit from their fornowledge of the event. Corporate bets were made against companies that would17:12be negatively affected by 9/11 through put options in the stock market. 9/1117:18was an insurance fraud that made a net profit of over 3.5 billion for lease17:23holder Larry Silverstein on buildings that were white elephants. It was also a17:28way to cover up the theft of over 2 billion in gold and silver. 9/11 was a17:34way to manipulate oil prices higher by restricting current and future supply.17:39The 9/11 attacks were used to cover up the clearing of $240 billion worth of bonds designed to fund a covert economic17:47war against the Soviet Union with a focus on its oil and gas. The 10-year17:52bonds were created in September 1991 and were set to mature on September 12th,17:582001\. Most importantly, 9/11 was the event18:03which justified the start of the ongoing war on terror abroad and at home, whose18:09cost to date is over $6 trillion and growing. If you want to know how 9/11 could18:16possibly be an inside job, start with a total of at least $10 trillion.18:229/11 is only a microcosm of the financial system that profits from18:28deception, debt, and death.18:38This film, like the previous film in this series, is about three big ideas.18:44Most of the evil in this world is highly coordinated and is fulfilling biblical prophecy to the letter. Historical and18:52current events are being influenced by evil to make the appearance of the Antichrist highly probable within a18:58generation. Though the world is not yet in an apocalyptic state, the forces of19:04organized evil affect us all now and must be resisted like never before.19:10This presentation is based on three years of research involving the reading of over two dozen printed and electronic19:17books, the listening to of hundreds of podcasts, the watching of hundreds of newscasts, and the reading of hundreds19:24of articles. In spite of the research behind it, this film must be selective.19:30No one film can cover the complete history and mystery of money, but I'm going to try.19:36This film will concentrate on four areas of study: history, economics, monetary19:42theory, and Bible prophecy. This film will give you lessons about money you wish you would have been19:48taught growing up. It will show you how money has evolved to fulfill Bible prophecy and how these two subjects are19:56combining to affect your present and your future. But first things first,20:02what is money? Money is a medium of exchange. Don't20:08focus on the hundreds of different forms that money has taken over time. Concentrate instead on the functions of20:15money. Money must be portable, durable, and divisible. Money must also be20:21interchangeable, scarce, and a long-term store of value. Real estate is wealth,20:27but it's not money because it's not portable or divisible. Leaves couldn't be money because leaves20:35aren't durable or scarce. Everyone would be picking leaves and spending them20:40instead of creating a real economy by working to earn them. You have been trained to believe the lie that the US20:47$1 bill is money. The lie is reinforced because you can exchange these pieces of20:53paper for what you want on demand. The truth is that any paper or electronic20:59currency in the world today no longer qualifies as money because it isn't a21:04long-term store of value. You're being increasingly robbed and you don't even21:09know it. The money you've worked for all your life is an illusion which centers around currency manipulation.21:16To understand and conquer this illusion, we need to go all the way back in history.21:28Most history and economics textbooks will incorrectly tell you that the world's economy started with barter. The21:36problem with barter is that it revolves around a double coincidence of wants. If21:41you have some wheat and you need a rake, you have to find someone who not only has a rake to spare, but also wants your21:48wheat. This exchange may even be avoided over arguments about the quality of the21:53rake and the wheat. Barter was never popular.21:59In the economic beginning, there was debt and debt wasn't good. Debt was and22:05is tolerated by the masses because we are all indebted to our parents, family,22:11society, and to God. For the first 2500 years of history, people worked to pay22:17off their debts to the ruling classes. Debits and credits were recorded without the use of money or barter at all. Since22:26rulers controlled economies, markets emerged with debits and credits. While22:31debt binds a society, it can also have negative aspects. The words debt and sin22:39have similar meanings. Debt enslaves, so does sin. Debt can be opposed upon you22:46by tyrants, created by bad personal decisions, or both. While the economy22:52inside and between empires revolved around debits and credits first, and barter a distance second, this cashless23:00economic system was vulnerable to hostile takeovers by foreign rulers through war.23:06War was usually about money and the people of an empire were the money of an empire through slavery.23:13Money also began to increasingly revolve around gold and silver.23:19The first biblical example of currency manipulation in the kingdom age offers lessons for us all. Genesis 47 details23:27the economic and human effects of the famine that had a grip on Egypt. Joseph,23:33a believer in God, was second in command of this pagan empire. This was because23:39God gave Joseph the correct interpretation and content of Pharaoh's dream. Unlike Pharaoh's pagan sorcerers,23:47the dream focused on 7 years of plenty, followed by 7 years of famine. Joseph23:53ordered the excess corn crops of Egypt to be stored up for the next seven years to survive the famine that he knew about24:00in advance. He collected vast sums of money that people within and around Egypt were24:06giving him for food as the famine became a progressive reality. But instead of24:11recirculating money back to the people, Joseph stored it up. The end result of24:17this intentional currency failure was progressive slavery for the people and24:22absolute ownership for Pharaoh. Gold and silver were transformed from24:28bartering commodities into currency through coinage. The first coins were24:33issued in Lydia around 600 BC. Kings issued coins of gold and silver to pay24:39for traveling armies. To collect taxes, a king demanded that his subjects,24:44including soldiers, return a percentage of the coins. The only way for a subject24:50to get these coins was by giving provisions to soldiers. A king could create more money by winning a war,24:58confiscating foreign gold and silver, and recasting it into his own coinage.25:03No one can do that with paper or electronic currencies. The words money and debt appeared in25:11history at the same time since coin money made debt possible and encouraged25:17warfare. Kings have always controlled economies through the quantity and quality of coins until such abuses end25:25up controlling them. The world's first financial crisis involving coinage began25:30during the Pelpeneisian war between Athens and Sparta. Athens lost its25:36access to the gold and silver mines of Sparta, but Athens had to keep paying its soldiers in gold coin to buy local25:43goods and services far from home. A deflation occurred in Athens as it was25:49sending its coinage out of the city to pay the soldiers. Athens then fell into25:55the trap that all kings since then have fallen into. Athens decided to inflate26:00its currency by debasing it. Gold coins were recast with increasing amounts of26:06copper to expand the money supply. The world's first system of deficit spending26:12progressed to the point where people no longer wanted the copper coins. Increasing trading ratios of copper26:18coins to gold and silver coins developed. This was the first time in history where gold and silver had a26:26price. The financial strain of 30 years of warfare made Athens surrender to26:32Sparta.26:39A money-changing class emerged as coin money flowed from kings to merchants.26:44Julius Caesar tried to diminish the power of the merchant money changers by reforming user and land ownership laws.26:52In 48 BC, thanks to successful military conquests, Julius Caesar minted large26:58supplies of coins for everyone's benefit. The people loved him for the plentiful money supply. Julius Caesar27:05was murdered by senators who were often money-changing merchants.27:11Matthew 21 describes a multi-layered financial pyramid scheme that was active inside the Jewish temple in Jerusalem.27:19First, the livestock approved and sacrificed by the priest class, which had to be purchased by God-fearing Jews27:26to pay for their sins, was typically overpriced. Second, god-fearing Jews had to exchange27:33their pagan Roman coins for sanctified temple coins at outrageous exchange27:38rates. Third, this currency exchange typically used rigged scales. Jesus27:45stepped into this den of thieves and shook things up. The only time Jesus27:51used violence was to stop financial oppression in the very place where there27:56should have been reconciliation.28:04Paper money emerged in China in the 11th century as a way of making large transactions more convenient. Paper28:12money up until the late 20th century was always regarded as a substitute for real28:18wealth which was gold and silver. The idea of paper money was brought to the28:23west by explorers like Marco Polo. The goldsmiths of Europe who adopted the28:29idea of paper money noticed that most people kept most of their metal money in the secure goldsmith's vaults. Only a28:37fraction of what was stored there was in circulation among the people at any time. This meant that the goldsmiths28:44could create more receipts for metal than they actually had in their vaults.28:49In other words, they can print money out of thin air. The goldsmiths of Europe28:55observed something else. When they made money easier to borrow, the amount of money in circulation expanded, causing29:03prices to rise through increased demand. When the goldsmiths made loans harder to29:08get, the amount of money in the economy would decrease and prices would fall.29:14The goldsmiths knew that they could buy things at a low price with other people's money, then lend out more money29:21to cause prices to rise. The goldsmiths would then sell their assets at a higher29:27price. This cycle would be repeated to the advantage of the goldsmiths and at29:32the expense of everyone else. Business cycles rise and fall based on29:38the currency supply which is manipulated. In England around 1100 AD, taxes were29:45paid in kind. You wouldn't hand a king coins, but instead you gave him a29:51portion of your crops or goods. Medieval scribes would use notches on sticks of29:56wood called tallies to record production and tax payments. These wooden sticks30:02would be cut in half lengthwise. Half of the stick would be given to the king30:08while the other half would remain with each subject until taxes were paid. The30:13unique wood grain in each half of the tally stick would match and verify the notches on both sides of it. Eventually,30:21tally sticks were issued by the kings of England as currency to raise money in emergencies like war. Tally sticks prove30:29that you don't need coins or paper notes to have currency.30:34Bonds, which are loans to a government that pay interest, emerged during the30:39early 14th century in northern Italy to pay for wars between city states.30:45Governments love to spend more money than they raise in taxation as a way of getting reelected.30:51Governments make up the difference by selling bonds, which everyone is a courage to buy. In 14th century northern30:59Italy, governments used bonds as a way to fund wars through mercenary army31:04forces. Nothing has changed since. If bond holders needed money, they could31:11always sell their bonds to other investors. As such, they were considered liquid31:16assets. As the wars of 14th century northern Italy dragged on, the more31:22bonds the governments involved were forced to issue, making the bonds less valuable to investors.31:29Eventually, Venetian Monte Noeo bonds were trading at 10% of their face value.31:36Remember that interest is paid on the face value of the bond. If the bond31:41interest rate is 5% and you could buy bonds at just 10% of their face value,31:47you could earn a handsome return of 50%. For roughly 200 years, the Venetian31:54nobility ruled the world through the burgeoning Italian bond market.31:59Eventually, companies began issuing bonds. Today's global bond market sets32:05the interest rates for the economy as a whole. The bond market is a bubble32:10that's ready to pop.32:23In 15th century Italy, Giovani Deichi Demadichi found a way around the32:28Catholic Church's anti-usery laws. This was an important development in this32:34money lending family. In a 17-year period, five Medici were sentenced to32:40death for capital crimes. With Florence being a major port for international32:45trade, the Medici would charge commissions for currency conversions and for advancing merchants money.32:52Depositors in the Medici bank would be given discretions. Just don't call it32:58interest. Giovani Medici diversified, decentralized, and upscaled his33:04investments. He had to because the Medici were challenged by royalty who33:10had no problem defaulting on their loans since they had armies to back them.33:16Money lending had now evolved into banking. Over 150 years, the Medici33:22family went from backstreet money lenders to dominating Europe. Shakespeare's The Merchant of Venice33:29contains powerful lessons about debt. The point of the play is that all debts33:34are bookkeeping entries using other people's currency and are secured by something valuable. Money lenders have33:42to be ruthless or people would default on loans. A key character in the play is33:48Shillock, who became one of the most villainous character types ever, the money lender.33:54One reason why Shillock was so hated was because he was Jewish.34:00The Catholic Church, which dominated Europe for centuries, forbade the charging of interest on loans. Islam34:07also forbade interest. Jews became nearly the only money lenders in the34:12Western world because of Deuteronomy 23, which allowed the charging of interest34:18to foreigners only. The result was that Jews were the pariah of Europe, often34:24confined to ghettos in many European cities. A Jewish money lender would sit34:29behind a table on a bench known as a banka. Now you know the origin of a long34:36association between Jews and finance and the origin of the word bank.34:43The Dutch East India Company established in6002 was the first enterprise to issue shares34:50of ownership in itself. The company was established by Monopoly Charter to34:55maximize activities in the growing Asian spice trade. This industry was so35:00lucrative that a single round trip of valuable goods could pay for the ship that was used to transport them. Anyone35:08could buy shares in the company, but if you wanted your money back, you would have to sell your shares to another35:14investor. This created the first stock exchange. The supply and demand of shares between35:21buyers and sellers determined their price. The Dutch East India Company had35:27the ability to wage war against competitors, imprison and execute convicts, negotiate treaties, coin35:35money, and establish colonies just like certain American corporations do today.35:41until it fell apart from corruption. This first multinational corporation paid an annual dividend of 18% for35:50nearly $200. The total value of shares listed in the world's 58 major stock markets is over35:58$80 trillion. While the price of shares in the Dutch East India Company was based on the36:04balance of supply and demand, the profits generated by this corporation sent prices for some commodities like36:11tulips completely out of balance. As the Dutch corporate elite built36:16estates which featured flower gardens, a demand for tulip bulbs as a status symbol was created. The demand for36:24tulips reached such absurd heights that at one point 5 acres of land were36:29offered for a single tulip bulb of a particular species. The madness had to36:34stop. In 3 months, the price of tulips collapsed. The point of this story is36:41that the prices of things today are not only determined by supply and demand,36:46but also by greed and fear. The Bank of England was chartered in36:521694 because one war after the other bankrupted Britain. Desperate government36:58officials met with money changers to secure the loans necessary to maintain power. The price was high. A government37:07sanctioned privatelyowned central bank was created which loaned the government the money it needed at interest.37:16While private deposit banks existed throughout Europe before the Bank of England, this was the first time that a37:23privatelyowned national central bank ever existed. Like any private corporation, the Bank37:30of England was started by selling shares to shareholders who are unknown to this37:35day. While 1.25 25 million British pounds in gold was supposed to be put up37:41to start the Bank of England. Only 750,000 British pounds was ever37:47received. The name Bank of England was deceptively used to make the people37:53think that this private bank was part of the government. The Bank of England37:59building and roughly one square mile of financial buildings around it literally became their own autonomous city. Above38:07the politics of the British Empire, there is London and then there is the38:12city of London guarded by dragons. When the Queen of England wants to visit38:18the city of London, she must receive permission from the Lord Mayor of London38:23because the borrower is servant to the lender. The first manufactured stock market38:30bubble was created by a Scottish gambler, womanizer, and murderer named38:35John Law. Law saw the action of the Dutch East India Company in Amsterdam38:40after escaping from his London prison and knew he had to create a piece of the action.38:47Law believed that money was only a means of exchange, that it did not constitute wealth in itself, and that national38:54wealth depended on trade. Law traveled to Paris correctly thinking that France39:00would be vulnerable to his ideas about money after debasing its currency to pay39:06for war. Under King Louis X 15th, Law established the Bank General where39:12threearters of its capital consisted of government bills and notes. Law also39:18created what became known as the Mississippi Company, painting Louisiana swamp land as an agricultural paradise.39:26In 1719, Law issued 50,000 shares in the company at 500 levers each, payable with just 7539:36levers down. The rest was due in 19 monthly payments of 25 Libras each. The share price39:44doubled before the second issue of shares was even offered. By the end of39:49the year, prices rose to 15,000 levers per share. Law was appointed controller39:56general in January 1720. In effect, a con man was the prime40:03minister of France. All John Law had to do was walk from the office where company shares were issued40:10to the office where French money was printed in the same building. The bubble40:16didn't last long. Food prices in France soared because of the increase in the40:22money supply. People found out the truth about the so-called colonial paradise.40:28In May 1720, law was forced to deflate the value of banknotes and cut the stock40:34price. People rushed to convert their paper money back into gold and silver coin. Law was forced to close the bank40:42general for 10 days and limit transaction sizes once the bank reopened. Law was dismissed from his40:49position by the end of the year. He spent the rest of his life traveling and gambling, dying a poor man 9 years40:57later. Real wealth is earned from making a living. Speculation doesn't create41:05wealth. Speculation transfers wealth based on greed and fear. And this lesson41:12is never learned. Insurance began in 1744 with two41:18Scottish ministers as a way to help out widows and orphans. Insurance premiums41:23were to be invested and claims paid out on profits while leaving the principle41:28untouched. Life insurance helped reduce the financial and social strain of41:34soldiers deaths in the War of 1812. Eventually, being without insurance was41:40seen as irresponsible. The greater the number of people who are paying into an insurance fund, the more41:47people the fund is able to pay out. This is why over time governments who wanted41:53to get reelected picked up on the idea of covering every citizen from the cradle to the grave. The socialism of42:01over insurance creates a problem. It reduces productivity through reducing42:07the incentive to work. The American Revolution of 177642:13was about money. The founding fathers of America saw how the Bank of England had42:19run up the British national debt, which placed unfair taxes on the American colonies. Before the Revolution, the 1342:28colonies printed paper currency in addition to gold and silver because there wasn't enough metallic money to42:34keep colonial commerce flowing. The British Parliament passed the Currency Act of 1764,42:41which prohibited colonial officials from issuing their own currency and ordered42:46the colonies to pay all future taxes in gold and silver coins. The colonies were42:53being drained of their metallic money and any other form of currency was outlawed. The colonies rebelled out of43:01desperation. They printed the Continental Dollar and grabbed their guns.43:06During the war, the British engaged in counterfeiting as a means of warfare.43:12British agents flooded the colonies with continental dollars, which they printed up. While Britain lost militarily,43:20America lost financially. For a short time, America had to prostitute herself43:26to a private bank called the Bank of North America. While the Bank of England was big, the43:33Rothschilds were far bigger. particularly because they came to own the Bank of England thanks to the43:39greatest financial coup of all time just after Napoleon's defeat. This coup was43:45also detailed in volume 1, but it wasn't the whole story. The 1905 Jewish43:52Encyclopedia records that the Rothschilds made five layers of profit from the safekeeping of the elector of43:58Hessa's gold. First, on the sale of Wellington's Bank of England bonds. Second, on the sale of44:06gold to Wellington's armies. Third, on the repurchase of gold from Wellington44:12after the war. Fourth, on forwarding the gold to Portugal, and especially fifth,44:18the purchase of Bank of England bonds for pennies on the dollar after the Rothschilds knowingly put out the false44:26rumor that Napoleon won the war. The Rothschilds were so successful44:32because they were above market prices and national laws. If the price of gold44:37was higher in Paris than in London, James Rothschild in Paris would sell his44:42gold and Nathan in London would buy the gold. The Rothschilds financed Cecil Roads44:49monopoly over the gold fields of South Africa, the Debeir's monopoly over the diamond fields of South Africa, the44:56Rockefeller monopoly over oil in America, and JP Morgan's monopoly over45:02steel in America. If one nation's policies would hinder their interests,45:07the Rothschild brothers would simply transfer capital and lending to other countries, even to overthrow them. From45:15his base in New York, Jacob Schiff financed the communist overthrow of the45:20Russians Zar for daring to oppose the Rothschilds. The Rothschild brothers represented the45:27first true multinational banking operation. The Rothschilds grew so rich from money45:33lending that they could afford 41 elaborate castles all over Europe. The45:401905 Jewish Encyclopedia records that from 1817 to 1848, the Rothschilds45:47loaned out over $654 million. This staggering amount, adjusted for45:54inflation, is like loaning out trillions of dollars today.46:05The world was entering into the industrial age around the time of the American Civil War. As shown in volume46:121, the Civil War was about breaking up America to place it under banker control. Lincoln's invention of the46:19greenback or printed currency that would later be backed by gold kept the Union alive. In spite of their defeat, the46:27bankers didn't stop. The Coinage Act of 1873 deadened the tradition of miners taking46:34their silver from Western America to the United States Mint to be minted into silver coins free of charge. The Specy46:43Payment Restion Act of 1875 allowed for the convertability of greenbacks into46:48gold. These two acts contracted the American money supply, creating a long46:54depression. By 1896, the need for more silver money was the key issue in the47:00presidential campaign. William Jennings Brian spoke the famous line, "You shall47:06not press down upon the brow of labor, this crown of thorns. You shall not47:11crucify mankind on a cross of gold." McKinley won the presidency over Brian47:17because the fix was in. The bankers wanted America on a gold standard which47:22they controlled. The industrial revolution created American robber barons who put up a47:28front of patriotic Christian virtue. JP Morgan inherited his wealth from his47:34father which was based on treasonous business connections with the Rothschilds through George Peabody47:40during the American Civil War. JP Morgan along with his Rothschild agent August47:46Belmont Jr. continued the family tradition of treason. In 1893, these two47:53men arranged for their vast holdings of American bonds to be sold through third parties exclusively in exchange for gold48:00and not silver. A banking panic over the mass dumping of US treasuries was created. Gold flowed48:08from America to London as London banks demanded gold as security for loans,48:14which became impossible to get. Morgan then patriotically bought $162 million48:21worth of bonds at sweetheart prices with gold at artificially high prices.48:2715,000 businesses, 74 railroads, and 600 banks went bust. JP Morgan bought up48:35everything he could and succeeded in all but crushing the financial role of plentiful American silver through the48:42Gold Standard Act of 1900. This dump and pump strategy would be48:47repeated until JP Morgan controlled what became US Steel in 1901 at a value of48:54$1.4 billion. JD Rockefeller was one of the children49:00of William Rockefeller Senior and Eliza Davidson. While Eliza was puritanical,49:06William was a hu all his life. He sold bottles of crude oil as a cure all.49:12William abandoned Eliza and his six children for a series of women, leaving Eliza to raise her family alone. When JD49:21Rockefeller was bad, Eliza would tie him and beat him until he complied.49:27This tragic personal background explains J. D Rockefeller's desire to manipulate49:32and control all his relationships. He would appear as a Christian philanthropist, all the while being a49:39ruthless businessman. JD Rockefeller's Standard Oil grew from its inception in49:451870 through integration and extortion. The railroads which transported Standard49:51Oil had to pay a percentage of the shipping fees his competitors were paying the railroads or Standard Oil49:57would drop their business. JD Rockefeller became America's first billionaire.50:04The banking interests of JP Morgan merged with the oil business of JD Rockefeller and top railroad company50:11owners to form the Northern Securities Company in 1901.50:17122 companies agreed to pull their capital at a staggering total value of50:22$22 billion. The Sherman Antirust Act dissolved the50:27company in 1904, but the capital never disappeared. The business and banking class of50:34America wanted it all. The backstory of the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 needs to50:41be discussed at this point. After causing a series of banking panics,50:46especially in 1907, the money changers led the public to believe that the Federal Reserve was a government50:53institution which could control banking in America. Representatives of the Morgan Rothschild51:00and Rockerfeller interests met on Jackal Island, Georgia in November 1910 at a51:06resort owned by JP Morgan. Representatives were sent because the real interests could not be seen to be51:13conspiring together. Remember, these were representatives of the money51:18trust whose membership was in competition with each other until they realized it was much better for them to51:24combine forces to control everything. One of these representatives later51:30bragged about their achievement in the Saturday Evening Post, even using the word conspirator.51:37The political point man was Senator Nelson Aldrich, who married into the Rockefeller family. He was successful in51:44passing the Federal Reserve bill only on his second attempt just before Christmas51:50in 1913. America struggled with the money changers no less than seven times. First51:58with England's war on colonial script, second with the Bank of North America.52:04Third with the First Bank of the United States. Fourth with the Second Bank of52:09the United States. fifth with Lincoln and the Civil War, sixth with the gold52:16standard, and seventh with the Federal Reserve. The money changers finally accomplished52:23their goal after 128 years. Through their puppet, Woodro Wilson, the bankers52:30deceived the public into giving them the right to create money out of thin air and loan it to the government at52:37interest. Most people don't have a clue about how money is created. This is because52:44economists and bankers intentionally make banking sound so complex that52:49people think they can't understand it. Though we will use the American example52:54because it is still the largest economy in the world. A similar system is true for 99% of all the nations on earth.53:03This is how the system works. Politicians get elected by promising53:10people more free stuff than their competition, especially through deficit spending. To pay for your free stuff,53:18the Treasury issues a bond, which is a glorified IOU. These bonds increase national debt and53:25future taxation. The Treasury sells bonds to banks who buy them and profit from them by earning53:32interest. The banks then sell a portion of those bonds at another profit back to the53:38Federal Reserve. The big banks own the Federal Reserve.53:44The Federal Reserve website says it has shareholders, but will never know who the shareholders are. The Federal53:51Reserve then opens its checkbook based on an account which never had a dollar53:56in it and buys those IUs with bad checks which the banks honor. When the banks54:03receive those checks, currency springs into existence because about 95% of our54:09base currency is just a supply of numbers. The whole process keeps repeating to produce a buildup of bonds54:16at the Federal Reserve and currency at the Treasury. The Federal Reserve and54:22the Treasury are just swapping IUS. The banks are the middlemen in this54:28endless cycle, making a profit several times over per cycle, where currency54:33appears like magic. The Treasury then deposits digital dollars into government branches. The54:41government then spends these digital dollars on promises, public works,54:46social programs, and war.54:52The Treasury issues a bond which is a glorified IOU. These bonds increase national debt and55:00future taxation. The Federal Reserve and the Treasury are just swapping IUS.55:07Banks are making a profit several times over in this endless cycle where currency appears like magic.55:26When you deposit your pay into a bank, you're not putting it into an account to be held in trust for you. Instead,55:34you're loaning the bank your currency. Within certain limits, banks can do55:39whatever they want with it. This includes gambling in stocks and loaning it out at interest.55:47The banking system doesn't just loan out your currency once. It loans it out an55:52average of 10 times over. This system is known as fractional reserve banking. And55:58it goes all the way back to what we learned about the goldsmiths of Europe. When you deposit $100 into your account,56:07your bank can legally take at least $90 of that deposit and loan it out without56:13telling you. Your bank account still says it has $100 in it because your bank56:18left IUS called bank credit in its place. On page 19 in a publication56:26called I bet you thought, published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, we56:31read this. Commercial banks create checkbook money whenever they grant a56:36loan simply by adding new deposit dollars in accounts on their books in56:41exchange for a borrower's IOU. Though central bank currency is different from bank credit, both are56:48considered currency. This means that when the $90 of your currency that your bank loaned out is56:54deposited in another bank, that bank can loan out at least 90% of that deposit or57:01$81 back out again to yet another bank. This process repeats and repeats so that57:09banks lend out an average of $1,000 for every $100 you deposit. This also means57:16that if banks offer loans at 5% interest, they are collectively making $50 in gross profit for every $100 you57:25deposit every year. Now you know why bank buildings tend to57:30be the largest and most extravagant buildings in every city in the world.57:36Over 90% of our currency supply comes not from each nation's central bank, but57:41from the banking system. Not only do banks create huge profits for themselves from your currency, but57:49also reduce the purchasing power of that currency through inflation.57:54Prices rise like a sponge, soaking up the increased currency in circulation57:59that is chasing a fixed supply of goods. Inflation isn't the rising costs of58:05goods and services. Inflation is currency devaluation through overp58:11production.58:17Your income taxes on your currency are then paid to the IRS, which turns our58:23numbers over to the Treasury. The Treasury then pays the principal plus58:28the interest on bonds that were purchased from the Federal Reserve with a check from nothing.58:35Politicians then argue pointlessly about debt levels. The financial system is58:41required to create increasing levels of debt or it will collapse. This is ironic58:47because the financial system will eventually collapse because of debt. If58:53any politician were to be successful in paying off the national debt, there would be no currency left in circulation59:00because all currency is debt based. Politicians don't want the financial59:06system to collapse on their watch.59:15So they kick the can of fiscal responsibility down the road. Most politicians don't understand the59:22financial system and those who do either get bought out by it or say nothing59:28because they value their lives. Finally, the secret owners of the59:34Federal Reserve take their cut. Remember, America's largest banks own59:40the Federal Reserve. Not only do those banks make a profit selling our national59:45debt to the Fed, but they also make a profit when the Fed pays them interest on reserves held at the Fed. And the Fed59:53pays them a 6% dividend on their ownership of the Fed.59:59All this stems from the Federal Reserve, which is neither federal nor a reserve.1:00:06Inflation is a banking tax, but it's not the only banking tax you pay.1:00:11The Grace Commission of 1984 under President Reagan made nearly 25001:00:16recommendations in 47 reports when it came to cutting government waste. From1:00:22page 12 of the info pack summarizing all the reports, we read three disturbing1:00:28conclusions about income taxes in America. 1/3 is consumed by government waste. 1/31:00:36escapes collection through the underground economy. and 100% of what is collected is absorbed solely by interest1:00:43on the federal debt and by transfer payments. In other words, all individual income1:00:50tax revenues are gone before one nickel is spent on public services.1:00:57Three things happen in 1913 that every American needs to know about. The1:01:03Federal Reserve took over America. The Anti-Defamation League was established1:01:09and the 16th Amendment allowing for an unconstitutional tax on America's labor1:01:14was never ratified. There is no law requiring Americans to1:01:20pay income tax. All income taxes in America which go to the banks are1:01:26collected voluntarily under the appearance of law.1:01:32I really expected that of course there's a law that you can point to in the law1:01:37book that requires you to file a tax return. Of course there is. I maybe I don't know what it is right then as we1:01:43as he was speaking to me but sure. So naively I agreed to go off and research it and get back to him. Three and a half1:01:51months later I was at that point where I couldn't find the statute that clearly made a person liable. Uh at least not me1:01:59and most people I know. and I had no no choice in my mind except to to resign.1:02:04I had to leave the IRS because I presented uh evidence that I had accumulated indicating that the agency1:02:10was violating the law and violating people's rights. And I asked the agency1:02:16for a response to my sincere concerns. And the answer I got was that they would1:02:24not respond to my concerns and that they would uh provide me with the paperwork necessary to tender my resignation.1:02:30I thought, let's put this baby to bed. I'm hearing all these rumors. You know, I'm going to kill two birds with one stone. I'll answer these people's1:02:36questions that are asking me and then I'll win this $50,000. And you know, based on the research that I did1:02:41throughout the year 2000 and that I'm still doing, I have not found that law. All taxation is forceful. It's backed up1:02:48by physical force. If you don't pay your taxes, the government will intervene with you forcefully. So, you don't have1:02:53a choice. It's not voluntary. You can't decide not to pay and not suffer a consequence. If you don't pay, you'll go1:02:59to jail. So, you're forced to pay. You don't you don't go to jail. Some people go to jail. There are all kinds1:03:05of civil penalties. If you don't pay your taxes, you pay interest and you pay penalties. The fact of the matter is our1:03:11system is a voluntary system.1:03:20The banking sector is the only group that wins from warfare, no matter what the outcome. Warfare creates instant and1:03:28massive long-term debt because there is nothing a country won't buy in the interest of national security.1:03:36When a war is over, huge rebuilding costs are added to the debt, which can also be used to rebuild an enemy's army1:03:43to repeat the cycle of debt and death. This is why William Jennings Brian,1:03:49President Wilson's Secretary of State, resigned from his post in protest over1:03:54his suspicions of the Lucatania affair. The bankers were far from done1:04:00transferring more wealth to themselves. It was time for financial war.1:04:06The bursting of the Wall Street bubble in October 1929 was the result of reversing the decadel long currency and1:04:14credit increase that created the bubble in the first place. By 1929 in America,1:04:2160% of cars and 80% of home radios were bought on credit. Taxes on a person with1:04:29a million dollar annual income dropped from 600,000 to 200,000. While taxes on1:04:36the middle and lower classes increased, the top onetenth of 1% in 1929 America1:04:43had an income equal to the bottom 42% of that population.1:04:49Back then, 80% of Americans had no savings at all. People could buy stocks1:04:56with just 10% down and buy they did $8 billion worth. When Joe Kennedy got an1:05:04unsolicited stock tip from a shoe shine boy, he knew it was time to get out of the market. Political and economic1:05:12insiders like Bernard Baroo gave their peers like Winston Churchill advice to1:05:17get out of the stock market just a few weeks before the crash. The London stock1:05:22market also crashed 1 month before the Wall Street crash.1:05:27This was the result of the financial and physical damage done to Britain and Europe from World War I and from1:05:34Germany's inability to pay the impossible terms of its war debts. The1:05:40punch bowl of phantom wealth based on credit was removed.1:05:46Bankers never lose in a stock market crash. Wealth is never destroyed. It is1:05:55transferred. While bankers have the ability to create credit out of thin air, they can recover1:06:01their losses by seizing the real assets which secure the loans they make. This1:06:07is what happened with Executive Order 6102, which required Americans to hand over1:06:13almost all their gold to the Federal Reserve by the anniversary date of the1:06:18Illuminati. Insiders like Bernard Baroo and Winston Churchill were aware of these pending1:06:24developments. They traded their gold through the Federal Reserve for Federal Reserve notes at a profit like most1:06:31Americans did because the Federal Reserve was willing to pay above market prices for gold at the time. But the1:06:39bankers had the last laugh. As soon as they had the people's gold, they raised1:06:45the price of gold from $2067 per ounce to $35 per ounce and put $501:06:53worth of currency into circulation for every ounce of gold they had. The1:06:58Federal Reserve also made it illegal for Americans to own gold because if gold1:07:04can't be legally owned or redeemed, then it can't constrain the central bank. The1:07:10Federal Reserve devalued the currency by nearly 60%.1:07:15This stole wealth from the people, transferring it to the banks, which owned the Federal Reserve. The banks got1:07:22their pound of flesh for creating loans on credit out of thin air, which went bad during the Great Depression. The1:07:30world went from a gold standard to a gold exchange standard. and insiders like Bernard Baroo pushed America to1:07:37prepare for a new world war as early as 1933. While the banks were funding the enemy,1:07:46the Bank of Canada has a history similar to that of the Federal Reserve except in1:07:52reverse. Prior to the Bank of Canada, Canadian banks would issue their own1:07:57bank notes or currency as a way to settle accounts between institutions.1:08:03The Bank of Montreal, the largest Canadian bank at the time, acted as the1:08:08nation's banker. The Bank of Canada was established in July 1934 as a private1:08:14corporation. It was nationalized in 1938 as a crown corporation.1:08:21Without Gerald Graten McGear, Canada wouldn't have had a nationalized central bank at all. The Bank of Canada financed1:08:29Canada's involvement in World War II by printing money to pay for it. It also1:08:35funded the construction of the St. Lawrence Seaway without producing inflation because such an expenditure1:08:41grew the economy through increased efficiency. The Bank of Canada has the right to1:08:47issue money at low to no interest for the benefit of Canadians. This idea is1:08:53so simple that a 12-year-old girl can explain it to us.1:08:58Until the 1970s, because of the Bank of Canada, Canada's national debt was held1:09:04at a constant manageable level until the government decided to implement what we1:09:10now have as our modern-day banking system that is robbing the Canadian people. First, the Canadian government1:09:17borrows money from the private banks. They then lend the deputies money to Canada with compounded interest. The1:09:24government then continues to increase taxation of Canadians year after year in1:09:29order to pay back the interest on the exponentially growing national debt. What results is inflation, less real1:09:36money for Canadians to spend into our economy, and the real money being used to pad the pockets of the banks. What I1:09:44have discovered is the banks and the government have colluded to financially enslave the people of Canada. Presently,1:09:52the banks only have 4 billion on reserve, but they have loaned out over1:09:57$1.5 trillion. If the Canadian government needs money,1:10:03they can borrow it directly from the Bank of Canada. Regarding the debt money owed to the private banks such as the1:10:10Royal Bank, we would simply have the Bank of Canada print the money owing, hand it over to the private banks, and1:10:16then clear the debt with the Bank of Canada. And yes, we have the power and lawful right to do so.1:10:26The private banks are just like the money changers in Matthew 21. They are defrauding and robbing the people of1:10:33Canada, thus their freedom, and they need to be stopped. This idea is also so concrete that1:10:40Canadian constitutional lawyer Roco Galati on behalf of the Committee for Monetary and Economic Reform is suing1:10:47the Canadian government for abdicating its financial responsibilities and for handing power over to international1:10:54private central banks.1:11:08This transfer occurred in 1974 when Bilderberg attendee Pierre Trudeau was1:11:14prime minister and trilateral commission member Gerald Buouie was governor of the1:11:19Bank of Canada. It's so sad that Canadians get more excited about hockey than they do over1:11:26all the federal taxes that goes towards paying the interest on loans to the Canadian government. These loans were1:11:34made by bankers on credit created out of thin air. Just like the United States,1:11:41the Bank of Canada issues less than 5% of Canada's money, while over 95% is1:11:47created as bookkeeping entries by Canadian banks through fractional reserve banking.1:11:53When a bank gives you a mortgage, which literally means a death pledge or a1:11:59loan, they don't actually give you money. They click a key on a computer1:12:04and generate the fake money out of thin air. They don't actually have it in their bank vaults. Broadly speaking, all1:12:12new money comes out of a bank in the form of loans. As loans are debt, then1:12:17under the present system, all money is debt. Under the present system, all1:12:23money is debt. And under the present system, all money is debt.1:12:35Led by John Maynard Kees in the 1930s, socialism emerged in democratic nations1:12:41as yet another way to transfer more money to the banks under the guise of providing public programs. Kees was a1:12:49director of the British Eugenics Society. He was also a member of the Fabian Socialists, a semi-secret society1:12:56whose logo featured a wolf in sheep's clothing. The Fabian socialists wanted1:13:02to accomplish the goals of socialism not through violence and revolution but through propaganda and legislation so1:13:10there would be no resistance to their plans. The word socialism was replaced1:13:15with glowing terms like welfare and workers rights. Keane's main idea was1:13:21that when a nation was in recession or depression, the government should intervene by relaxing banking1:13:27regulations and printing currency. The fact that government programs only1:13:32transfer currency to the banks through increased government debt was conveniently overlooked.1:13:39A trio of financial institutions emerged around World War II to dominate1:13:44international finance. The Bank for International Settlements or BIS was1:13:50established in Basil, Switzerland in 1930 to serve as a bank for central1:13:55banks. While originally designed to handle German reparations for World War I, the1:14:01BIS board of directors included top Nazi officials between 1933 and 1945 who1:14:09would deposit money for the Gestapo. The BIS was supposed to be liquidated1:14:14after 1945 because of this embarrassment, but it never was. The1:14:20unelected and unaccountable bank for international settlements holds secret bimonthly meetings in the Tower of Basil1:14:28to determine the economic fate of its member nations. The International Monetary Fund or IMF was established in1:14:36Washington in 1948 to restore the world's international payment system1:14:41after World War II. The IMF now with 188 member nations acts1:14:48as a sister organization to the World Bank. The IMF receives membership dues1:14:54in the form of currency from its member nations and issues special drawing1:14:59rights or SDRs when it feels it is necessary. SDRs are a digital currency created from1:15:07an index of currencies from member nations. The World Bank was established in1:15:13Washington in 1944 to reduce poverty. Funding for World Bank loans comes from1:15:19a small amount of seed money plus a far greater amount of credits and promises1:15:25from the governments of member nations. The World Bank enters into commercial loan markets and borrows large amounts1:15:32of currency at very low rates which governments that are labeled too high of a credit risk can't get. It then offers1:15:40loans to these nations at a slightly higher yet still attractive rate, pocketing the difference between the1:15:46rates. The World Bank typically takes money from economies through taxation to1:15:52pay for loans that build large government projects, which are often soaked in corruption. If these projects1:15:59fail, then the World Bank forces public policy changes on dter nations like a1:16:04reduction in the minimum wage or an increase in petroleum or utility prices1:16:10to recover its investment. In summary, the World Bank promotes profits for the bankers and socialism1:16:17for the masses. The IMF manages SDR commerce between nations while the World1:16:24Bank manages SDR loans to nations. The world switched to a new financial1:16:30standard during World War II when America had 2/3 of the world's monetary gold and Europe was flooded with1:16:37American dollars. With the exceptions of Pearl Harbor and the Illusian Islands,1:16:42America was territorially untouched by both wars. Gold flowed to America as1:16:48collateral for the dollars that America was loaning Europe. The Brattonwoods Financial Agreement of July 19441:16:56signed by 44 allied nations stated that allied currencies would be valued at1:17:01fixed rates against the US dollar and that the US dollar would be valued at1:17:07$35 per ounce of gold. For a short time, the US dollar became as good as gold.1:17:16Good evening, Mr. Torrance. Good evening.1:17:27No charge to dear, Mr. Torrance. No charge.1:17:33Your money's no good here.1:17:41Orders from the house.1:17:46Orders from the house.1:17:51drink up, Mr. Thomas. I'm the kind of man likes to know who's1:17:58buying their drinks, Lloyd. It's not a matter that concerns you, Mr.1:18:04Torrance. At least not at this point.1:18:12Anything you say, Lloyd. Anything you say.1:18:37What would it be? I'm awfully glad you asked me that,1:18:42Lloyd, because I just happen to have two 20s and two 10s right here in my wallet.1:18:52See, Lloyd, it seems I'm temporarily late. How's my credit in this joint anyway?1:18:59Your credit's fine, Mr. Torren. That's swell. I like you, Lloyd. I1:19:06always liked you.1:19:23The assassination of President Kennedy had financial implications, but not in the way that many people think.1:19:30Kennedy's obscure executive order 11110 has been mistakenly pointed to as proof1:19:37that the president was shot on behalf of bankers. Many researchers claim that this EO1:19:44authorized the issuance of silver certificates which would deny bankers their usual interest payments on the1:19:51issuance of currency. When one reads the executive order referred to in EO11110,1:19:59the reality is just the opposite. Previously, the president could have1:20:04issued silver certificates on his own authority. Kennedy's EO delegated that authority to1:20:11the Secretary of the Treasury, who happened to be from a well-known and powerful banking family at the time.1:20:18This corrected picture is blurred by the fact that the Treasury did issue United States notes in the same year as EO1110.1:20:28The remaining confusion is cleared when one realizes that silver certificates which Kennedy never issued are promises1:20:36to deliver silver and that United States notes like Federal Reserve notes are1:20:43promises to deliver taxes and inflation. While the reasons for the Kennedy1:20:48assassination are speculative, the financial effects of this event are clear. Lynden Johnson stripped silver1:20:56from coinage, advanced socialism through the Great Society programs, and plunged1:21:02America into another war.1:21:12Throughout the 1960s, the United States increased its spending on social programs and war. Many nations led by1:21:20France under Charles de Gaul realized that America did not have the gold to back up the dollars it was spending. So1:21:27they started to ask for their gold back.1:21:44The difference1:22:05Fore! Foreign! Foreign!1:22:27campic.1:22:46The United States lost 50% of its gold from 1959 to 1971.1:22:52On August 15th, 1971, President Nixon announced that the1:22:57world's most highly traded currencies were tied to the US dollar and that the1:23:03US dollar was tied to nothing. I have directed the Secretary of the1:23:10Treasury to take the action necessary to defend the dollar against the speculators. I have directed Secretary1:23:17Connley to suspend temporarily the convertability of the dollar into gold or other reserve assets except in1:23:24amounts and conditions determined to be in the interest of monetary stability and in the best interest of the United1:23:30States. The United States has always been and will continue to be a1:23:36forward-looking and trustworthy trading partner. The American dollar continued to be used1:23:43as the world's reserve currency because of the size of the American economy. But1:23:48something had to be done to restore confidence in this currency. During the OPEC oil crisis of 1973,1:23:56Henry Kissinger approached King Fisel of Saudi Arabia and made him an offer he1:24:02couldn't refuse. In exchange for Saudi Arabia lifting the oil embargo and1:24:07reinvesting a percentage of its profits back into the United States, America would buy a percentage of its oil from1:24:14Saudi Arabia and offer it military protection. The deal hinged on Saudi1:24:20Arabia selling its oil exclusively in US dollars.1:24:25Saudi Arabia accepted and the rest of the OPEC nations followed. In 1975,1:24:31the US dollar went from a gold standard to an oil standard in 4 years.1:24:38For the first time ever, the value of the world's currencies began to float against the US dollar, which would1:24:44itself change in value. This marks the birth of the foreign exchange market or forex where now1:24:52around $4 trillion worth of currency gets traded daily.1:24:57Beginning with America and Britain in 1979, nation after nation buckled under the1:25:03demands of neoliberalism, which meant cuts to government spending, lower1:25:08taxes, deregulation of industry, and greatly increased interest rates.1:25:15Capital flowed into American bonds and other assets to earn great returns on1:25:20very high interest rates. These rates made loans to third world nations impossible to pay back. Paul Vulkar1:25:28succeeded in doing what he had been sent by the Rockefellers to do, keep the US1:25:34dollar as the world's reserve currency. America's exports sagged because they1:25:40were too expensive due to the strengthened US dollar and the third world was held in perpetual debt with1:25:47high interest rates and low demand for its exports into America in a feedback1:25:52loop. Neoliberalism was really neoc colonialism.1:25:59By 1982, tax relief was provided for speculative forms of real estate investment and interest rates were1:26:06lowered. Wall Street won again as money flowed in from around the world to take1:26:11advantage of the highly valued dollar and speculative gains in real estate and1:26:16stocks. The price of oil was then driven down, unleashing an additional surge of1:26:22capital into Wall Street. banks went directly into real estate1:26:28lending for the first time. When the jackpot popped, 747 savings and loans1:26:34banks failed, profits were privatized, CIA drug money was laundered, and over1:26:40half a trillion dollars in losses were socialized. The stock market crash of October 19871:26:48signaled the end of the artificial advantage that the petrod dollar, neoc colonialism and deregulation gave Wall1:26:55Street. Money, however, never sleeps. It speculated even more wildly, crashing1:27:02the Japanese stock market in 3 years, sending the nation into a depression which it has never recovered from.1:27:10The neoliberalism of Freriedman and Vulkar was advanced by Alan Greenspan.1:27:16Greenspan was chairman of the Federal Reserve from August 1987 to January1:27:222006\. This means that Greenspan presided over the 1987 stock market crash, the 19981:27:30collapse of long-term capital management, the bursting of the dot bubble in 2000, and the development of1:27:38the mortgage crisis until 2006. Greenspan used each crisis to advance an1:27:44agenda of market deregulation, risk globalization, and loss socialization.1:27:51After the 1987 crash, Greenspan pumped huge amounts of Federal Reserve notes1:27:57into the stock market. This signaled the new idea that many large Wall Street1:28:03firms were too big to fail. A growing culture of impunity began to develop1:28:09along with delusions of grandeur through futures and options. You had the authority to prevent irresponsible1:28:16lending practices that led to the subprime mortgage crisis. You were advised to do so by many others and now1:28:23our whole economy is paying its price. Do you feel that your ideology pushed1:28:29you to make decisions that you wish you had not made? I found a flaw. I don't know how1:28:35significant or permanent it is. But I've been very distressed by that fact. But if I may, may I just finish an answer to1:28:42the the question previously? You found a flaw in flaw flaw in the model that I perceived1:28:49is the critical functioning structure that defines how the world works, so to speak.1:28:55Futures contracts allowed farmers to protect themselves by committing merchants to buying a crop at a set1:29:01price when the seeds are being planted. The farmer gets a price which can't sink1:29:07and the merchant gets a ceiling above which the price can't rise. By signing a1:29:13futures contract, farmers and merchants have hedged their bets.1:29:18An option is a kind of futures contract. The buyer of an option has the right to1:29:24say, "Buy a barrel of oil for $120 in a year's time. If the price of oil rises1:29:31to $150 per barrel, then the option has made a profit of $30. If the price of1:29:38oil holds or declines, buyers are under no obligation to carry through the deal.1:29:44All buyers do is write off the cost of the option itself. You're not really1:29:50buying or selling anything. You're making a bet on the price of something going up or down. If the bet fails, you1:29:59can write off the cost of the bet. If your bet wins, you can sell what you bet1:30:04on. Long-term Capital Management or LTCM was1:30:10founded in 1994 as a hedge fund. LTCM relied on the mathematics of two Nobel1:30:17Prizewinning economists to determine the value of derivatives. In the first 3 years of operations, LTCM1:30:25produced an annualized return of 21%, 43%, and 41%.1:30:32It's no wonder that Wall Street threw money at LTCM. But there was something that the1:30:38mathematical model didn't account for. System failure.1:30:43The 1997 Asian financial crisis and the 1998 Russian financial collapse proved1:30:49fatal to LTCM. In less than 4 months, the firm lost1:30:55$4.6 billion and closed. The global financial system came within hours of1:31:01collapse. Losses were socialized through a Federal Reserve bailout.1:31:08Never learning from its own mistakes. Wall Street wanted more money to play with. That money would come from your1:31:15pension funds and savings. Bill Clinton repealed the GlassSteagall Act in 1999.1:31:22passed in 1933. The act separated investment banking from commercial banking, which was1:31:28designed to prevent a recurrence of a speculation bubble that caused the 19291:31:33crash to begin with. With this restriction gone, and with Greenspan1:31:38lowering interest rates in the wake of the LTCM loss, bankers came up with1:31:43schemes undreamed of. Money piled into tech firms with no viable business plans1:31:50and dismal profit to earning ratios. All because they had cool domain names and1:31:56were going to be part of the new economy. Firms like WorldCom and Enron made vast1:32:02amounts of money in the communications and utilities markets with futures and options contracts through criminal1:32:09market manipulation, massive accounting fraud, and political connections. Uh, we1:32:15want you guys to get a little creative, okay? And come up with a reason to go down.1:32:20Just call him, hey guys, you know, finish our queue up. We're coming down. Okay. So, we're just coming down for some maintenance, like a forced outage1:32:27type thing, right? And that's cool. Hopefully,1:32:32we're just making money and over fist. Leave us alone. Let us make a little bit of money.1:32:38Yeah, exactly. Sorry, California. I'm bringing all our power out of the state.1:32:43I think it moved out six over 600 megawatt. Oh, I told you they were all crooks. I just1:32:49didn't know how much. As far as I'm concerned, nothing happened in the Kenlay didn't last1:33:04the stock market crash of fall 2001 caused partially by the effects of 9/111:33:09and mostly by the collapse of firms like Enron. sewed the seeds for the financial crash of fall 2008.1:33:17In a desperate move to keep the money flowing through Wall Street, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan kept1:33:24cutting interest rates until they were at historic lows. Cheap money flowed1:33:30back into Wall Street at record levels, especially to buy a whole new range of investments called derivatives.1:33:37There is a thin line between options contracts and bets. When you make a bet1:33:43on a sports game, you've invested in a derivative. No matter what the outcome of the game,1:33:49your bet never entitles you to any revenue from any ownership of either team or anything associated with either1:33:57team. The value of your bet is derived from the performance of the underlying1:34:03assets or teams involved in that game. Now, imagine what would happen to the1:34:09world of sports betting if you could take out insurance against losing bets.1:34:16Welcome to the world of derivatives. The one thing that prevents bankers from1:34:23loaning out nearly unlimited amounts of money is risk. There is always been a1:34:29risk that borrowers will default on their loans, potentially causing losses for the lender. If the risk of default1:34:36could be separated from an investment, then there's nearly no limit to what might be invested.1:34:42This is exactly the idea that a team of young financial geniuses came up with by1:34:48the pool of a five-star resort during a banker's retreat in the mid 1990s.1:34:53We have only enough time here to describe the most popular types of derivatives. Their definitions are being1:34:59displayed now if you would like more detail. The key point to remember is1:35:05that derivatives are pools of leverage debt which can be repackaged, recombined, and resold many times over1:35:13with banking fees to be made every step of the way. June 22 is the date of this1:35:20email. Boy, that Timberwolf was one deal. How much of that deal did you sell1:35:29to your clients after June 22, 2007?1:35:34Mr. Chairman, I I don't know the answer to that, but the price would have reflected levels that they wanted to1:35:40invest. Oh, of course, but they don't know what say. You didn't tell them you thought it was a deal. Well, I I didn't say that.1:35:46No. Who did your people internally? You knew it was a deal. And that's what your1:35:52email shows. I I think the context the message that I took from the email from Mr. Montag was that my performance on1:36:00that deal wasn't good. How about the fact that you sold hundreds of millions of that deal after1:36:05your people knew it was a shitty deal. Does that bother you at all? You sold to customers something?1:36:10I don't recall selling hundreds of millions of that deal after that.1:36:16The focal point in the derivatives disaster was the completely fraudulent mortgage market. Corrupt mortgage1:36:23institutions offered unrealistic teaser rates written into contracts that1:36:28borrowers didn't understand. When you heard that your employees in these emails when looking at these deals1:36:34said what a deal what a piece of1:36:40when when you hear your own employees or read about those in the emails do you feel anything?1:36:46I I think that's very unfortunate to have on email. Are you emar and and very unfortunate I don't I don't1:36:54email him please don't take that about feeling that way I think it's very unfortunate for anyone to have said that1:36:59people applying for mortgages were told to lie about their incomes ratings agencies gave whatever credit rating on1:37:07pools of mortgages that banks were willing to pay for people lost money in it but the security1:37:13itself delivered the specific exposure that the client wanted to have you don't1:37:20believe it's relevant to a customer of yours that you are selling a security to1:37:25that you are betting against that same security. You just don't think it's relevant and needs to be disclosed. Is1:37:31that the bottom line? Yes. And the people who are selling it in our firm wouldn't even know what the1:37:38firm's position is. You are betting against the very product you are selling and you're just not1:37:45troubled by it. I'm sorry, I can't endorse your characterization. In all this insanity, the debt and risk1:37:52to the entire financial system itself kept piling up until the House of Cards1:37:58finally collapsed in 2008. All this is your problem. There is now1:38:05no separation of interests between the controlled central bank of a nation, the large investment banks of that nation,1:38:13its main stock exchanges, its largest businesses, the government which supports them, and the military power1:38:21which backs the government at the top. Your government doesn't work for you. It works for this collusion of1:38:29interests who will threaten government with social anarchy by bringing down their own house unless it gets a steady1:38:35stream of tax dollars to continue making money from expanding debt.1:38:42Many of us were told in private conversations that if we voted against this bill on Monday that the sky would1:38:50fall, the market would drop two or three thousand points the first day, another couple thousand the second day, and a1:38:56few members were even told that there would be martial law in America if we voted no.1:39:39So I'm asking you if your agency has in fact according to Bloomberg extended $9 trillion in credit which by the way1:39:46works out to $30,000 for every single man, woman and child in this country. I'd like to know if you're not1:39:52responsible for investigating that who is? No, we actually we have responsibility1:40:00for the Federal Reserve's programs and operations audits to conduct audits and1:40:05investigations in that area. Um in terms of who's responsible for1:40:11investigating, would you mind repeating the question one more time? What have you done to1:40:18investigate the offbalance sheet transactions conducted by the Federal Reserve, which according to Bloomberg1:40:24now total $9 trillion in the last eight months. I I'll have to look specifically at that1:40:31Bloomberg article. I I'm not um I I don't know if I have actually seen that1:40:36particular one. I am shocked to find out that nobody at the Federal Reserve, including the inspector general, is keeping track of1:40:42this. So, who got the money? To financial institutions in in Europe1:40:48and other countries. Which ones? I don't know.1:40:53Half a trillion dollars. And you don't know who got the money? Uh, the loan went to the the loans go to the central banks and they they then put1:41:00them out to their um to their institutions to try to bring down short-term interest rates in dollar1:41:05markets around the world. We we actually looked at one of the arrangements and one of the arrangements is $9 billion for New Zealand. That1:41:12works out to $3,000 for every single person who lives in New Zealand. Seriously, wouldn't it be better to1:41:18extend that kind of credit to Americans rather than New Zealanders? It's It's not uh costing Americans1:41:25anything. We're getting interest back and it comes back. It's not at the cost of any American credit. We are extending1:41:30credit to Americans. The very next page has the US dollar nominal exchange rate which shows a 20% increase in the US1:41:37dollar nominal exchange rate at exactly the same time that you were handing out half a trillion dollars to foreigners.1:41:42Do you think that's a coincidence? Yes.1:41:50America's attorney general Eric Holder said that prosecuting mega banks1:41:55presents a risk to the national and global economy. I am concerned that the1:42:02size of some of these institutions becomes so large that it does become difficult for us to um to prosecute them1:42:10when we are hit with um indications that if you do prosecute, if you do bring a1:42:16criminal charge, uh it will have a negative impact on the national economy, perhaps even the world economy. And I1:42:24think that is a function of the fact that some of these institutions have become too large.1:42:29The rich are now holding more productive assets than ever while the people are holding more debt than ever thinking1:42:36that they're rich. And I found a job in my hometown of Irvine at JP Morgan Chase. It pays $16501:42:42an hour. Now, this bank teller, her name is Patricia. She has one child who's 6 years old. She claims the one dependent.1:42:48After tax, she has $29,100. She had $2,4251:42:55a month. She rents a one-bedroom apartment. She and her daughter sleep together in the same room. In Irvine,1:43:00California, that average one-bedroom apartment is going to be $1,600. You can get those jobs at a high school,1:43:05and she may have my job one day. So, she may, but Mr. Diamond, she doesn't have the ability right now to spend your1:43:11$31 million. Sympathetic. She's short 567. What would you suggest she do?1:43:16I I don't know. I'd have to think about that. Would you recommend that she take out a JP Morgan Chase credit card and run a1:43:23deficit? I don't know. I'd have to think about it. Would you recommend that she overdraft1:43:28at your bank and be charged overdraft fees? I don't know. I'd have to think about it. Since the decoupling of the American1:43:35dollar from gold in 1971, Western economies have shifted from capitalism to crony capitalism to1:43:43extractionism. Not only are the bankers who have been responsible for creating the current1:43:48crisis not going to jail, they are assisting governments in making policies1:43:54which favor them. Governments don't rule the world. Goldman Sachs rules the1:44:01world. For most traders, it's not about that. We don't really care that much how1:44:06they're going to fix the how they're going to fix the economy, how they're going to fix the uh the whole situation. Our job is to make money from it. And1:44:14personally, I've been dreaming of this moment for 3 years. Uh I I I have a confession which is uh I go to bed every1:44:20night, I dream of another recession. I dream of another moment like this. Why? Because uh people don't seem to maybe1:44:26remember, but uh the 30s depression, the depression in the 30s wasn't just about1:44:31a market crash. There were some people who were prepared to make money from that crash. And I think anybody can do1:44:37that. It isn't just for some people in the elite. Anybody can actually make money. It's an opportunity. Uh when the1:44:44market crashes, uh when the euro and the big stock markets crash, if you know what to do, um if if you have the right1:44:52plan to set up, uh you can you can make a lot of money from this. This economic crisis is like a cancer. If you just1:44:59wait and wait thinking this is going to go away, just like a cancer, it's going to grow and it's going to be too late.1:45:05What I would say to everybody is get prepared. Uh this is not a time right now to um wishful thinking. The1:45:12government is going to sort things out. The governments don't rule the world. Goldman Sachs rules the world. Goldman1:45:18Sachs does not care about this rescue package. Neither does the big funds. So actually what I would I I would actually1:45:25tell people I want to help people uh people can make money from this. It isn't just traders. What they need to do1:45:30is learn about how to how to make money from a a downward market. Uh the first thing people should do is protect their1:45:36assets. protect what they have because in less than 12 months uh my prediction is the savings of mill millions of1:45:43people is going to vanish. Uh and this is just the beginning. Banks are now so powerful that billions1:45:50worth of bank debt are transferred to the taxpayers of nations that the bankers think will simply buckle under1:45:56and pay. When I come from the airport with a taxi driver, they are often very well1:46:04informed. I must say very well informed. Um, Claus Manage, uh, did your taxi1:46:09driver, uh, tell you how the Irish people are bewildered that we are1:46:15required to pay unguaranteed bond holders billions of euros for debts that1:46:21the Irish people have no uh, relation to or no bearing with1:46:27primarily to bail out or to ensure the solveny of European banks.1:46:32I have answered a very similar question of you. I think it was two views ago. Uh1:46:37and you addressed the question. You addressed the questions previously. I addressed the question. I answered it.1:46:43I would say I can I can understand that this is a difficult decision to be made1:46:49by the government and there's no doubt about it but there are different aspects of the problem to be to be balanced against each other and I can understand that the government came to the came to1:46:55the view that only all the costs for the for the Irish people for the for the stability of the banking system for the confidence in the banking system of of1:47:00taking certain action in this respect which you were mentioning could could likely have been much bigger than the benefits for the taxpayer uh which of1:47:06course would have been there. So the financial sector would have been affected the confidence that the financial sector would have been negatively affected and I can understand that there were there was a difficult1:47:11decision but the decision was taken in this election. Yeah. That that well that doesn't address the issue. We are required to1:47:18pay in respect of a defunct bank. There's no uh bearing on the welfare of the Irish people at all. We're required1:47:25to pay in respect of this defunct bank billions on ungaranteed bonds in order1:47:33to ensure the health of European banks. Now, what would you explain? How would1:47:40you explain that uh situation to the tax taxi driver that you talked about1:47:46earlier? I think I have addressed the question. No, you haven't addressed the question1:47:52because you've referred to the the viability of the Irish financial institutions. This financial institution1:47:58I'm talking about is defunct. It's over. It's finished. Now, why are the Irish people required under threat from the1:48:04ECB? Why are the Irish people required to pay billions to ungaranteed bond1:48:10holders under threat to the ECB? You didn't answer the question the last1:48:15time, so maybe you'd answer it this time. Well, I think I think he doesn't have anything to add to what he's1:48:20already said. This isn't good.1:48:26No matter what some may call gold, the world has always been on a de facto gold1:48:32standard. Economist John Xter developed Exter's pyramid, which shows that the1:48:38entire economy still rests on gold only because gold has no counterparty risk. A1:48:45famous banker said it best in 1966. In the absence of the gold standard,1:48:52there is no way to protect savings from confiscation through inflation. There is1:48:58no safe store of value. If there were, the government would have to make its1:49:04holding illegal as was done in the case of gold. The financial policy of the1:49:10welfare state requires that there be no way for the owners of wealth to protect1:49:15themselves. The famous banker who said this was Alan Greenspan.1:49:21His successor, Ben Bernani, could never publicly acknowledge that gold and1:49:26silver were money. Do you think gold is money?1:49:33No, it's not money. Even if it had been money for 6,000 years, somebody reversed1:49:38that and eliminated that economic law. Well, it's it's, you know, it's an1:49:44asset. I mean, it's the same. Would you say Treasury bills are money? I don't think they're money either, but they're financial. Why do central banks hold it?1:49:51Well, it's a form of reserves. Why don't they hold diamonds? Well, it's tradition. Long-term1:49:57tradition. Some people still think it's money. Gold and silver have always acted as a1:50:03warning bell against bankers issuing more currency. This is why bankers try1:50:09so hard to keep the price of precious metals down. It is theoretically true that currency1:50:16doesn't have to be backed by gold and silver. In reality, it is no smarter to1:50:21leave the money supply in the hands of politicians than it is in the hands of bankers.1:50:27The performance of a national currency can be measured by how many units of currency are required to purchase 11:50:34ounce of gold or silver. When people are free to purchase gold or silver, there1:50:40is an objective international standard over what the value of a currency is and1:50:46protection against inflation. Fiat money advocates will tell you that1:50:51gold and silver can be hoarded by the bankers. While this is true, consider1:50:57this. In my 3 years of research, I have come across only two examples of gold1:51:03and silver failing as a currency. In contrast, I have come across over1:51:102300 examples of fiat currency failure. For those who are quick to misquote1:51:16Ezekiel 7:19 as an excuse not to get involved in gold and silver, please keep1:51:22in mind that this verse applies to the day of the Lord's wrath. Between now and1:51:28then, there is only one way to protect your labor from the ravages of inflation1:51:34by the fractional reserve banking system. We don't have a system that's working.1:51:40We have one that basically moves cash around and we can guarantee cash1:51:46benefits as far out and whatever size you like but we cannot guarantee their1:51:52purchasing power. The financing is a secondary issue and it's the means to1:51:58create the real wealth not an end in itself. What should be the proper relationship between a chairman of the Fed and a1:52:05president of the United States? There is no a other agency of government1:52:11which can overrule actions that we take. So long as that is in place and there is1:52:20no evidence that the administration or the Congress or anybody else is1:52:25requesting that we do things other than what we think is the appropriate thing then what the relationships are uh don't1:52:33frankly matter. The goal of the Luciferian agenda, well known to occultists for centuries, was1:52:40to use America to promote a one world economy and a one world religion.1:52:46Sir Francis Bacon realized that America was the new Atlantis in the early 1600s.1:52:53The twin pillars of Hercules separated by the straight of Gibralar off the Spanish coast are the basis of the twin1:53:00columns of the US dollar sign. Remember that it was King Ferdinand and1:53:06Isabella of Spain that financed Columbus' opening up of the new world.1:53:12The Spanish dollar was also the original standard for American currency.1:53:18As the American Empire grew over time, the American dollar became the world's financial standard, which became1:53:25separated from anything of value. The illusion of money was kept alive1:53:32through the petro dollar by those who possessed the key to the manipulation of measure.1:53:38The American Empire then suffered a spectacular self-inflicted attack which1:53:44led to the intentional and progressive destabilization of global finances and1:53:49global geopolitics. Only those trained in the hermetic arts1:53:54know what 9/11 truly was. an occult sacrifice which was used to usher in a1:54:01new world order. America's planned destruction and the1:54:07warfare that will result from it will lead to a new global financial and1:54:12political order. In the end, people will beg for a global system of electronic1:54:19credits that have no value as long as it gives them peace and safety.1:54:25nations will give up their sovereignty to a super national government in the name of security.1:54:32In the end, money is all about control.1:54:37The highest achievement of the Luciferian agenda is hidden in plain sight on the back of the US $1 bill. The1:54:46cluster of 13 stars above the so-called eagle form a hexog.1:54:51Hexogs are used in occult practices to conjure spirits.1:54:56The eagle is really a phoenix as described in volume 1 and has points1:55:02which combine with the top hexog to form a third hexog.1:55:07When combined with the first hexog which points to the descrambled letters m1:55:14or mason, the final element in the hidden proof is revealed.1:55:20The back of the US dollar bill is really the geometric representation of the1:55:26number of the beast or 666. The back of the US dollar bill therefore1:55:33proclaims the number of the man of sin who will set himself up in the yettobe built third temple on the temple mount1:55:40in Jerusalem proclaiming himself to be God.1:55:47You're a Hungarian Jew who escaped the Holocaust1:55:53by posing as a a Christian, right? And1:55:59you watched lots of people get shipped off to the death camps,1:56:04right? I was 14 years old and I would say that that's when my character was1:56:09made. My understanding is that you went out with this protector of yours who1:56:15swore that you were uh his adopted godson. Yes. Went out in fact and helped in the1:56:21confiscation of property from the Jews. That's right. Yes. I mean that's that sounds uh like an1:56:28experience that would send lots of people to the psychiatric couch for many1:56:34many years. Was it difficult? U not not at all. Not at all.1:56:41No feeling of guilt. No. For example, that uh I'm Jewish. Um and1:56:46here I am watching these people go I could just as easily be there. I should be there. None of that.1:56:52Well, of course I I could be on the other side or I could1:56:58be the one from whom it the thing is being taken away. Well, actually funny1:57:04way. It's just like in markets that if I weren't there, of course, I wasn't doing1:57:10it, but somebody else would would would be taking it away anyhow. Are you religious? No.1:57:19Do you believe in God? No.1:57:32from. Yeah. Yeah.1:57:44Yeah.1:57:56Straight. Yeah. And then1:58:04for the dolls1:58:16of the1:58:31There's a manif1:58:49for1:58:55fellowships eternal flame once again. Midsummer sets us free.1:59:10This here was taken back in 1999. Coen Powell, the back of Donald Rumsfeld's1:59:15head. And this is Thomas Keane. Two years later, he would become head of the 911 commission.1:59:32in about1:59:42that was a break point kind.1:59:49Okay.1:59:56The satanic agenda has always centered around offering what Satan could never2:00:01give. All the way back to the Garden of Eden, Satan appeared to humanity as the2:00:07phoenix or fiery serpent bird. When God cursed Satan for deceiving humanity, his2:00:15form was reduced to a snake. For thousands of years, the phoenix has been2:00:20wanting to assume his original form and to rule the earth as the god of light.2:00:26The ironic thing is that the phoenix promised humanity what it already had,2:00:33eternal life, communion with God, and freedom from want.2:00:38After deceiving humanity, the cursed phoenix only brought humanity death,2:00:43separation from God, and constant labor to sustain life and avoid discomfort.2:00:50The constant need for labor slowly created the need for money. We now have2:00:56come back full circle to the place where we began. Money is really a symbolic token of2:01:04human life. All the time we spend working for money is really life converted to money.2:01:13Money is literally the reminder of the fall of man.2:01:18The classical English word that is used for money which can be traced back to medieval French and Latin is coin. The2:01:26quint or pear-like fruit found in cit was the first symbol of the fruit of2:01:32original sin which was later changed to an apple. The ethmology of the word2:01:38quint proves that the word coin is related to the fruit of the tree of the2:01:43knowledge of good and evil. There is no financial or political2:01:49solution to a spiritual problem. God did not send us a banker or2:01:56politician. God sent us a savior. Your soul is destined to be separated2:02:03from God when you die because it has been corrupted by evil. That separation2:02:09from God is worse than you could possibly imagine. All of us have chosen to do wrong things2:02:16to satisfy our own desires, which is the very definition of evil.2:02:22The only way you can redeem your soul is to recognize and accept that Jesus paid2:02:28your sin debt. The exact words you use to acknowledge this debt aren't2:02:33important. The important thing is to realize that Jesus took the punishment2:02:39you deserve so you don't have to. This offer is so simple, so priceless,2:02:47and so gracious that it makes no sense at all why anyone would reject it. There2:02:54is an increasing chance that you will pay a price for your commitment.2:03:00Compared to eternity without God, though, this is no price at all. You can2:03:06have all the education in the world and not see that evil is organized. You can2:03:11know everything there is to know about conspiracies and not see that there is a war going on for your soul. In the end,2:03:19only Jesus will destroy the establishment of evil.2:03:24What does it profit a man to gain the whole world2:03:31and lose his very soul when you can't find another one to buy online?2:03:39And if you're listening, make money you got and it will surely plag you like the devil.2:03:46Devil. If we reap what we sow, are we nothing more than what we owe? Just a dollar and2:03:53a dream. Wake up.2:04:12For everything in the world, the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and2:04:18pride of life comes not from the father, but from the world.2:04:27And if y'all hear me, God, for the love of money is the root of all evil, evil,2:04:34evil. Careful cash gushing in before the credit crash cashes you out.2:04:43We can't die.2:05:03before you catch it. So get all2:05:11shall be real.2:05:32Do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth where mos and vermin destroy2:05:40and where these breaking and steel. When things get way too real, will we reach out for the guns or will we reach out to2:05:47God? And if you're with me, saving dollars while we're losing souls on a whole another level.2:05:56They say time is money and you can get more money to find, but you can't get2:06:01more time. We can't say2:06:08die.2:06:23before you catch it. So2:06:31shall we2:06:40die.2:06:55Heat. Heat.2:07:14Forgive them, Father, for they know not what they do.2:07:43Do you feel it in your boots? From the bottom to the top inside you taking control in a world that's cracked2:07:50while the eyes are stacked. We some never cease to hesitate to spit our backs when it's survival of the fittest2:07:57for supporting compassion. Get a seat when it's a hospital cash and evolutionize identity gorilla like2:08:04propensity up this in your name.2:08:12In your name.2:08:18In your name.2:08:24In your name.2:08:31Do you feel it in your soul from the bottom of your heart inside is digging a hole in a hole that's spot2:08:38while sides are by we somehow never cease to hesitate to fight to stop is to progressive liberation through a2:08:45government sanction is to fiscal conservation through some fiat inflation singularity co of cryptocurrency I break2:08:53down the in your name yeah2:09:00in Your name2:09:06in your name.2:09:12In your name.2:09:31What we feel is that moment of redemption.2:09:43I can feel it in my mind.